Add docs for adding a subdomain access allowlist in the Dashboard (#3135)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/dashboard/dns-domains/subdomain-allowlist.mdx

---
title: Subdomain allowlist
description: Restrict which subdomains can make cross-domain requests to the Frontend API for stronger security.
---

By default, Clerk supports [authentication across subdomains](/docs/guides/development/deployment/production#authentication-across-subdomains). When you configure a root domain for production, your application and the [Frontend API](/docs/reference/frontend-api){{ target: '_blank' }} (FAPI) can communicate across all subdomains of that domain. To enable this, FAPI accepts cross-origin requests from any subdomain of your root domain.

If you want stricter control, you can enable **Allowed Subdomains** to limit which subdomains are permitted to make cross-origin requests to FAPI. **When enabled, only your primary domain and explicitly allowlisted subdomains will be accepted.**

## Configure allowed subdomains

1. In the Clerk Dashboard, navigate to the [**Allowed Subdomains**](https://dashboard.clerk.com/~/domains/allowed-subdomains) page.
1. Toggle on **Enable allowed subdomains**. This restricts access to specific subdomains of your configured domains.

> 1. Under **Allowed Subdomains**, enter each subdomain that belongs to your primary domain (e.g. `app.example.com` for primary domain `example.com`). Only these subdomains will be allowed to access the application. Your primary domain is always allowed.

Reviewer: I can see people interpreting this two ways. One way implies app-level access control (“allowed to access the application”), but this feature actually scopes **cross-origin requests to the Frontend API (FAPI)**. Current wording could mislead readers into thinking it controls general app accessibility.

Potential fix:

```suggestion
1. Under **Allowed Subdomains**, enter each subdomain that belongs to your primary domain (e.g. `app.example.com` for primary domain `example.com`). Only these subdomains will be allowed to make cross-origin requests to the FAPI. Your primary domain is always allowed.
```
